docs/legal/en/terms-of-service.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Terms of Service
lang: en
permalink: /legal/en/terms-of-service/
---
# Terms of Service

Last updated: 29 Oct 2025

Please read these terms before using Tonight? They apply to you and your pair partner.

## 1. Scope
These Terms govern all use of the Service. We may publish supplemental guidelines; those documents form part of these Terms.

## 2. Registration
1. When linking an account, provide accurate and up-to-date information.
2. Pairing begins once both parties complete the 6-digit code ritual and simultaneous tap.
3. The Service can be used by people of all ages. If you are under 18, please use the Service with a parent or guardian's guidance.

## 3. Account Security
- Keep login credentials (e.g., Google Sign-In) secure.
- Contact support immediately if you suspect unauthorized use.

## 4. Prohibited Conduct
Do not:

1. Break applicable laws or disturb public order
2. Harass, coerce, or stalk your partner
3. Interfere with the operation of the Service
4. Reverse engineer, hack, or tamper with data
5. Infringe upon any third party's rights

## 5. Paid Plans and Billing
1. The Tonight plan is offered on monthly and yearly cycles subject to the App Store / Google Play billing terms.
2. Disclosures regarding price, renewal cycle, auto-renewal, cancellation, and trial conditions are shown before purchase.
3. Refund requests follow the policies of each store.

## 6. Pair Dissolution and Data
- When either member leaves the pair, records tied to that pair are deleted for both parties.
- Re-registering may require a cool-down period.

## 7. Suspension or Termination
We may suspend or terminate the Service without notice if:

- Maintenance or updates are required
- Force majeure (natural disaster, outage, etc.) occurs
- Continuing the Service is impractical

## 8. Disclaimer
- The Service is not a medical device. Always consult professionals about health concerns.
- We are not liable for disputes between users.

## 9. Changes to the Terms
We will announce material changes via in-app notice or email. Continued use after the revision constitutes acceptance of the new Terms.

## 10. Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms follow the laws of Japan. The Tokyo District Court or Tokyo Summary Court has exclusive jurisdiction for disputes.

## Supplementary Provision
Effective date: 25 August 2025

Commit message:

docs: update dates to Dec 1 2025—add trial clarification (no auto-billing)

docs/legal/en/terms-of-service.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Terms of Service
lang: en
permalink: /legal/en/terms-of-service/
---
# Terms of Service

Last updated: 1 Dec 2025

Please read these terms before using Tonight? They apply to you and your pair partner.

## 1. Scope
These Terms govern all use of the Service. We may publish supplemental guidelines; those documents form part of these Terms.

## 2. Registration
1. When linking an account, provide accurate and up-to-date information.
2. Pairing begins once both parties complete the 6-digit code ritual and simultaneous tap.
3. The Service can be used by people of all ages. If you are under 18, please use the Service with a parent or guardian's guidance.

## 3. Account Security
- Keep login credentials (e.g., Google Sign-In) secure.
- Contact support immediately if you suspect unauthorized use.

## 4. Prohibited Conduct
Do not:

1. Break applicable laws or disturb public order
2. Harass, coerce, or stalk your partner
3. Interfere with the operation of the Service
4. Reverse engineer, hack, or tamper with data
5. Infringe upon any third party's rights

## 5. Paid Plans and Billing
1. The Tonight plan is offered on monthly and yearly cycles subject to the App Store / Google Play billing terms.
2. Disclosures regarding price, renewal cycle, auto-renewal, cancellation, and trial conditions are shown before purchase.
3. Refund requests follow the policies of each store.
4. **Free Trial**: The 14-day free trial is managed within the app and does not involve automatic billing. When the trial ends, you will return to the FREE plan. No payment is charged unless you actively subscribe to the Tonight plan.

## 6. Pair Dissolution and Data
- When either member leaves the pair, records tied to that pair are deleted for both parties.
- Re-registering may require a cool-down period.

## 7. Suspension or Termination
We may suspend or terminate the Service without notice if:

- Maintenance or updates are required
- Force majeure (natural disaster, outage, etc.) occurs
- Continuing the Service is impractical

## 8. Disclaimer
- The Service is not a medical device. Always consult professionals about health concerns.
- We are not liable for disputes between users.

## 9. Changes to the Terms
We will announce material changes via in-app notice or email. Continued use after the revision constitutes acceptance of the new Terms.

## 10. Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms follow the laws of Japan. The Tokyo District Court or Tokyo Summary Court has exclusive jurisdiction for disputes.

## Supplementary Provision
Effective date: 25 August 2025
